DOCS-6416 public portal login page (#81)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-customize-portal.adoc

To change the order of the custom page tabs, drag the entries in the *Custom pages* list into the desired order.

> == Custom Login

Reviewer: I think this title is still confusing, since it gives the impression that the Login is customizable in itself, what are your thoughts?

Author: Good point. Updated to "Login Page".

> Users can always access an organization's Exchange public portal with the Anypoint Platform login.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can always access an organization's Exchange public portal by using the Anypoint Platform login.
```

> The option to use a third party identity provider (IdP) such as Okta can be added to the login page with Anypoint Platform xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[identity management].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The option to use a third-party identity provider (IdP) such as Okta can be added to the login page by using Anypoint Platform xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[identity management].
```

> Many organizations offer single sign-on (SSO) with a third party IdP for internal users and the Anypoint Platform login for external users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many organizations offer single sign-on (SSO) with a third-party IdP for internal users and the Anypoint Platform login for external users.
```

External users log in to onboard, obtain client IDs and client secrets, provide comments, and rate APIs.

> The admin can customize the login page with the organization's branding, including background color, text color, active text color, and a custom logo.

Reviewer: I think we should make it clear that the customization is going to be the same as the one in the public portal. What do you think?

Author: Definitely! Updated to fix this.
